README.md, before:

# Simple Bash script for setting up a new Computer (running [X]Ubuntu)
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/43713e0b78f547e8912ff05c9350cffb)](https://app.codacy.com/app/mmphego/xubuntu-pkg-installer?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=mmphego/xubuntu-pkg-installer&utm_campaign=Badge_Grade_Dashboard)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/mmphego/new-computer.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/mmphego/new-computer)

My personal system set-up script which installs most of the packages I need on a daily basis after a fresh [X]Ubuntu system install. Added [support for tweaking Dell XPS 15](http://github.com/mmphego/dell-xps-9570-ubuntu-respin/)

What is installed?
-  Basics (git, curl, pinta, gdebi, gparted, sshfs, vim and a couple of other packages)
-  Python-pip and [few modules](pip-requirements.txt)
-  [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
-  [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com) and [Sublime-Text](www.sublimetext.com/3)
-  [Slack](https://slack.com)
-  [Megasync](https://mega.nz)
-  [Latex]() and all relevant dependencies
-  [Mendeley](https://www.mendeley.com), and etc

## Install from script

```bash
bash -c "`curl -L https://git.io/runme`"
```

### Feedback

Feel free to fork it or send me PR to improve it.

Commit message:

Updated readme file (#17)
Added support for Dropbox

README.md, after:


# Simple Bash script for setting up a new Computer (running [X]Ubuntu)
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/43713e0b78f547e8912ff05c9350cffb)](https://app.codacy.com/app/mmphego/xubuntu-pkg-installer?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=mmphego/xubuntu-pkg-installer&utm_campaign=Badge_Grade_Dashboard)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/mmphego/new-computer.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/mmphego/new-computer)

My personal system set-up script which installs most of the packages I need on a daily basis after a fresh [X]Ubuntu system install.
- Added [support for tweaking Dell XPS 15](http://github.com/mmphego/dell-xps-9570-ubuntu-respin/)
- Dotfiles installation
- GitHub GPG and SSH keys installation

## Installation:
On an [X]Ubuntu based distro with admin/sudo rights, run the following and follow the prompts:
```bash
bash -c "$(curl -L https://git.io/runme)"
# That's it
```



Here are some of the things that gets set up:
- Installs [Git](https://github.com/git/git)+[Hub](http://github.com/github/hub/) and configures your [GPG](https://help.github.com/articles/generating-a-new-gpg-key/) and [SSH](https://help.github.com/articles/connecting-to-github-with-ssh/) keys via [api.github.com](api.github.com)
- Installs [Travis-CI](https://github.com/travis-ci/travis.rb) ruby based CLI client for managing Travis builds.
- Installs [pantheon-files](https://youtu.be/b3cI7ekyEMM) files manager similar to MacOS file manager
- Installs Python3.7 and [few modules](pip-requirements.txt) and [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) and configures Docker to work without `sudo` .
- Installs 3 text editors/IDE namely:  [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com) including [plugins](code_plugins.txt), [Sublime-Text](www.sublimetext.com/3) and [Atom](https://atom.io/).
- Supports for Arduino/IoT development using [Platfomio](https://platformio.org/) library intergrated on VScode and Atom.
- Installs [Slack](https://slack.com) for colabs, [Megasync](https://mega.nz) and [Dropbox](https://www.dropbox.com/) for cloud storage.
- Installs Academic tools such as [Latex](https://www.latex-project.org/get/) including extras,  [Mendeley](https://www.mendeley.com) for research management and, [Zatora](https://www.zotero.org/) for reference management.
- Installs [a collection of scripts and tweaks to make [X]Ubuntu 18.04 run smooth on Dell XPS 15 9570 ](https://github.com/mmphego/dell-xps-9570-ubuntu-respin), if you are running a [Dell XPS 15](https://www.dell.com/en-us/shop/dell-laptops/xps-15/spd/xps-15-9570-laptop)
- Installs [my dotfiles](https://github.com/mmphego/dot-files)

### The script itself

The script is broken up extensively into functions for easier readability and trouble-shooting. Most everything should be self-explanatory.
You can easily add new methods of installations as well.

## Feedback

Feel free to fork it or send me PR to improve it.
